Pardon me?
You are a blind thing
What trouble did you cause me outside?
I'm not bothering anyone
Didn't mess with anyone
Then why is the Li Group
It was suddenly cancelled yesterday.
Reference order
He also said that he would never cooperate with us again
I don't know.
Hurry up and solve this matter for me.
Otherwise don't come back
How is Mr. Ye?
Miss Li
Mr. Li, I will never exist
I'm blind, you take me for a fart
Can you let me go?
My dad will kill me
My dad's lottery ticket costs you
Your little friend
What did you mean by lottery just now?
Dad won 100 million in the lottery.
These two bad guys ripped him off
I offer you two options.
Or give me the lottery ticket of the Komatsu brothers
Either the night market group goes bankrupt in a week
I, I, I, I go first, go first
Bank card to the account 100 million yuan
Okay now?
Thank you store manager
I will settle the previous accounts with you one by one.
Get out now
I'll get out, I'll get out now
Finally got my dad out of his anger
Don't worry dad
With me, a new life has begun.